README.md, before:

# Awesome Quantum Computing [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/desireevl/awesome-quantum-computing/master/logo.png" align="right" width="110">](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computing)

[Quantum computing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computing) utilises quantum mechanical phenomenon such as entanglement and superpositon to manipulate qubits to perform computation on a quantum computer. Currently available are tools to create and run programs on publicly usable quantum computers as well as resources to learn about them. 

This is a curated list of up-to-date resources on learning about and developing on quantum computers. The goal is to build a categorised community-driven collection of up to date, high quality resources. 

Sharing, suggestions and contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the contribution guidelines and quality standard first. Thanks to all contributors, you're awesome and it wouldn't be possible without you!

## Contents

- [Learning](#learning)
- [MOOCs](#moocs)
- [Development Tools](#development-tools)
- [Blogs](#blogs)
- [Books](#books)
- [Papers](#papers)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Community](#community)

For further resources related to Open Source Quantum Software Projects, please check out qosf's [repo](https://github.com/qosf/os_quantum_software).

## Learning

- [CNOT](https://cnot.io/) - Easy to understand, step by step introduction to quantum computing concepts.
- [Documentation for Forest and pyQuil](http://pyquil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Tutorials for Rigetti Computing's SDK.
- [Documentation for Strawberry Fields](https://strawberryfields.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Background information on the photonic continuous-variable approach to quantum computation, as well as tutorials for Xanadu’s SDK.
- [How the quantum search algorithm works](https://quantum.country/search) - Essay on the quantum search algorithm by Michael Nielsen and Andy Matuschak.
- [IBM Q Full User Guide](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/tutorial?sectionId=full-user-guide&page=introduction) - Short tutorials providing a gentle introduction to quantum computing and IBM Q.
- [John Preskill's Notes on Quantum Computation](http://www.theory.caltech.edu/~preskill/ph219/index.html#lecture) - Notes of Caltech's Quantum Computation Course Physics 219/Computer Science 219 by John Preskill.
- [Nielsen and Chuang](https://workedproblems.wordpress.com/category/nielsenchuang/) - Worked examples on quantum algorithm problems.
- [Qiskit Tutorials](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-tutorial) - Jupyter notebooks simply demonstrating how to use Qiskit.
- [Quantum Algorithm Zoo](http://math.nist.gov/quantum/zoo/) - Comprehensive catalog of quantum algorithms. 
- [Quantum Computing Playground](http://www.quantumplayground.net/#/home) - 3D quantum state visualisation tool able to simulate up to 22 qubits.
- [Quantum computing for the very curious](https://quantum.country/qcvc) - Essay introducing quantum computing by Michael Nielsen and Andy Matuschak.
- [Quantum in the Cloud](http://cnotmz.appspot.com/#) - Four qubit photonic quantum simulator and computer.
- [Quantum Katas](https://github.com/Microsoft/QuantumKatas/) - Programming exercises for learning quantum computing and Q#.
- [Quantum Machine Learning for Data Scientists](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1804.10068.pdf) - Explanation of quantum machine learning algorithms.
- [Quirk](http://algassert.com/quirk) - Browser-based drag-and-drop quantum circuit simulator that reacts, simulates, and animates in real-time.
- [The Quantum Quest](https://www.quantum-quest.nl/) - Introductory web class on quantum computing principles designed for high school students. 

## MOOCs

- [MIT Quantum Information Sciences](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/media-arts-and-sciences/mas-865j-quantum-information-science-spring-2006/lecture-notes/) - Series of lecture notes on the MIT quantum information sciences course.
- [QC101 Quantum Computing & Quantum Physics for Beginners](https://www.udemy.com/qc101-introduction-to-quantum-computing-quantum-physics-for-beginners/) - Introductory course on quantum cryptography and how to run quantum programs.
- [Quantum Cryptography](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-cryptography-caltechx-delftx-qucryptox-0) - Learn how quantum communication provides security that is guaranteed by the laws of nature.
- [Quantum Information Science I, Part I](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-information-science-i) - Foundational course on quantum information and computation.
- [The Quantum Internet and Quantum Computers: How Will They Change the World?](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-internet-quantum-computers-how-delftx-qtm1x) - Learn the principles and promises behind developments in quantum computers and quantum internet and how they will impact our future.
- [Quantum Machine Learning](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-machine-learning) - Learn about the benefits quantum technologies can provide to machine learning.
- [Quantum Mechanics and Quantum Computation](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-mechanics-quantum-computation-uc-berkeleyx-cs-191x) - Conceptual introduction to the fundamental  principles of quantum mechanics.
- [Understanding Quantum Computers](https://www.futurelearn.com/courses/intro-to-quantum-computing) - Introduction to the key concepts of quantum computing with minimal mathematics.
- [Quantum Quest](https://www.quantum-quest.nl/) - A web class for high school students, organised by QuSoft.

## Development Tools

- [Cirq](https://github.com/quantumlib/Cirq) - Python library for writing, manipulating, and optimizing NISQ circuits to run on quantum computers.
- [IBM Quantum Composer](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/editor) - Online quantum composer to run experiments on real quantum computing hardware.
- [NISQAI](https://github.com/quantumai-lib/nisqai) - Library for performing quantum artificial intelligence on near-term quantum computers.
- [Project Q](http://projectq.ch/) - Framework for implementing quantum computing in Python.
- [pyQuil](https://github.com/rigetticomputing/pyquil) - Python library for quantum programming using Quil.
- [QCL](http://tph.tuwien.ac.at/~oemer/qcl.html) - Older, C like language for quantum computers. Only has a simulator and debugger.
- [Qiskit SDK](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-sdk-py) - Software development kit for working with OpenQASM and the IBM Q Experience.
- [Qiskit.js](https://github.com/QISKit/qiskit-js) - Qiskit for JavaScript.
- [Qrack](https://vm6502q.readthedocs.io) - High performance LGPL-licensed C++ quantum simulator library, documentation, and test code.
- [Quantum Programming Studio](https://quantum-circuit.com/) - Web based quantum programming IDE and simulator.
- [Quipper](https://www.mathstat.dal.ca/~selinger/quipper/) - Embedded, scalable, functional programming language for quantum computing.
- [Qurry](https://github.com/LSaldyt/Qurry) - Quantum probabilistic programming language based on functional and probabilistic paradigms.
- [QuTiP](http://qutip.org/docs/latest/index.html) - Quantum toolbox in Python for simulating dynamics of open quantum systems.
- [Q#](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/quantum/?view=qsharp-preview) - Microsoft quantum development kit and Q# programming language.

## Blogs

- [Algorithmic Assertions](http://algassert.com/) - About quantum computing and computing in general by Craig Gidney - a member of Google Quantum Computing Team.
- [Bits of Quantum](http://blog.qutech.nl/) - By the QuTech institution, sharing their research and daily life.
- [Dawid Kopczyk](dkopczyk.quantee.co.uk/category/quantum_computing/) - Quantum algorithms explained to data scientists with visualisations.
- [Decodoku](https://medium.com/@decodoku) - Interesting posts on quantum computation, by James Wootton.
- [Quantum Frontiers](https://quantumfrontiers.com/) - By the Quantum Institute for Quantum Information and Matter, sharing behind the scenes research insights.
- [Quantum Weekly](https://quantumweekly.com/) - A weekly correlation of all things quantum - computing, cryptography, entanglement.

## Books

- [Classical and Quantum Computation](https://books.google.com.au/books/about/Classical_and_Quantum_Computation.html?id=TrMposZZ0MQC&redir_esc=y) - Introduction to fundamentals of classical and quantum computing.
- [Problems and Solutions in Quantum Computing](https://www.worldscientific.com/worldscibooks/10.1142/6077#) - Easy to advanced quantum computing and information problems with detailed solutions.
- [Quantum Computation and Quantum Information](http://csis.pace.edu/ctappert/cs837-18spring/QC-textbook.pdf) - Comprehensive textbook for those with some prior knowledge in mathematics, computer science and physics.
- [Quantum Computing: A Gentle Introduction](http://mmrc.amss.cas.cn/tlb/201702/W020170224608150244118.pdf) - Explains quantum computing with only basic college maths knowledge needed.
- [Quantum Computing Explained](https://www.amazon.com/Quantum-Computing-Explained-David-McMahon/dp/0470096993) - Conversational approach to explaining quantum computing with worked solutions.
- [Quantum Computing for Computer Scientists](https://www.amazon.com/Quantum-Computing-Computer-Scientists-Yanofsky/dp/0521879965) - Quantum computing explained using an approach accessible to undergraduate computer science students.
- [Quantum Computing for Java Developers](https://www.manning.com/books/quantum-computing-for-java-developers) - Explains quantum computing through the lens of its practical implementation.

## Papers

- [Opportunities and Challenges for Quantum Machine Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.09757) - Opportunities and challenges for quantum-assisted machine learning in near-term quantum computers.
- [Quantum Machine Learning](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/264825604_Quantum_Machine_Learning_What_Quantum_Computing_Means_to_Data_Mining) - Quantum machine learning and what quantum computing means to data mining.

## Videos

- [Introduction to Quantum Programming](https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/11929-programming-the-world-s-first-quantum-computers-using-forest) - The why and how of quantum programming with a focus on the Python Forest SDK from Rigetti.
- [Quantum Computing for Computer Scientists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_Riqjdh2oM) - Microsoft Research Talk on introductory quantum computing for computer scientists. Duration: 1 hour, 28 minutes.
- [Quantum Computing for the Determined](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1826E60FD05B44E4) - A series of lectures on quantum computing basics by [Michael Nielsen](http://michaelnielsen.org/).
- [Quantum Computation and Information at CMU](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLm3J0oaFux3YL5qLskC6xQ24JpMwOAeJz) - A series of lectures on quantum computing by [Professor O'Donnell at CMU](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~odonnell/quantum18/)

## Community

- [D-Wave Leap Community](https://support.dwavesys.com/hc/en-us/community/topics) - D-Wave System's Leap Community Forum. 
- [IBM Q Community](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/community) - IBM Quantum experience Community Forum.
- [IBM Q Qiskit Community](https://qiskit.slack.com/) - Slack Channel for Qiskit and quantum computing discussions.
- [Mike & Ike Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MikeAndIke/) - Discussion about the book Quantum Computation and Quantum Information. 
- [Pennylane Discussion Forum](https://discuss.pennylane.ai/) - Discussion forum for quantum machine learning, both using simulations and on near term hardware.
- [Quantum Computing StackExchange](http://quantumcomputing.stackexchange.com/) - Question and answer site for quantum computing.
- [Quantum Information and Quantum Computer Scientists of the World Unite](https://www.facebook.com/groups/qinfo.scientists.unite/) - Facebook group for quantum research discussion. 
- [Rigetti Community](http://slack.rigetti.com/) - Slack Channel for Rigetti and quantum computing discussions.
- [Strawberry Fields Community](https://u.strawberryfields.ai/slack) - Slack channel for Xanadu and Strawberry Fields photonic/CV quantum computing discussions.
- [Quantum Computing Slack Community](https://quantum-computing.herokuapp.com/) - Slack channels for discussion of quantum computing.

## License
[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Desiree Vogt-Lee](https://github.com/desireevl) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Adding new resources for Q#
I am working on a book that is in early access as well as one of the maintainers for [qsharp.community](https://qsharp.community/) 😄

README.md, after:

# Awesome Quantum Computing [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/desireevl/awesome-quantum-computing/master/logo.png" align="right" width="110">](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computing)

[Quantum computing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computing) utilises quantum mechanical phenomenon such as entanglement and superpositon to manipulate qubits to perform computation on a quantum computer. Currently available are tools to create and run programs on publicly usable quantum computers as well as resources to learn about them. 

This is a curated list of up-to-date resources on learning about and developing on quantum computers. The goal is to build a categorised community-driven collection of up to date, high quality resources. 

Sharing, suggestions and contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the contribution guidelines and quality standard first. Thanks to all contributors, you're awesome and it wouldn't be possible without you!

## Contents

- [Awesome Quantum Computing ![Awesome](https://awesome.re)](#awesome-quantum-computing-awesomehttpsawesomere)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Learning](#learning)
  - [MOOCs](#moocs)
  - [Development Tools](#development-tools)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Papers](#papers)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Community](#community)
  - [License](#license)

For further resources related to Open Source Quantum Software Projects, please check out qosf's [repo](https://github.com/qosf/os_quantum_software).

## Learning

- [CNOT](https://cnot.io/) - Easy to understand, step by step introduction to quantum computing concepts.
- [Documentation for Forest and pyQuil](http://pyquil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Tutorials for Rigetti Computing's SDK.
- [Documentation for Strawberry Fields](https://strawberryfields.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Background information on the photonic continuous-variable approach to quantum computation, as well as tutorials for Xanadu’s SDK.
- [How the quantum search algorithm works](https://quantum.country/search) - Essay on the quantum search algorithm by Michael Nielsen and Andy Matuschak.
- [IBM Q Full User Guide](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/tutorial?sectionId=full-user-guide&page=introduction) - Short tutorials providing a gentle introduction to quantum computing and IBM Q.
- [John Preskill's Notes on Quantum Computation](http://www.theory.caltech.edu/~preskill/ph219/index.html#lecture) - Notes of Caltech's Quantum Computation Course Physics 219/Computer Science 219 by John Preskill.
- [Nielsen and Chuang](https://workedproblems.wordpress.com/category/nielsenchuang/) - Worked examples on quantum algorithm problems.
- [Qiskit Tutorials](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-tutorial) - Jupyter notebooks simply demonstrating how to use Qiskit.
- [Quantum Algorithm Zoo](http://math.nist.gov/quantum/zoo/) - Comprehensive catalog of quantum algorithms. 
- [Quantum Computing Playground](http://www.quantumplayground.net/#/home) - 3D quantum state visualisation tool able to simulate up to 22 qubits.
- [Quantum computing for the very curious](https://quantum.country/qcvc) - Essay introducing quantum computing by Michael Nielsen and Andy Matuschak.
- [Quantum in the Cloud](http://cnotmz.appspot.com/#) - Four qubit photonic quantum simulator and computer.
- [Quantum Katas](https://github.com/Microsoft/QuantumKatas/) - Programming exercises for learning quantum computing and Q#.
- [Quantum Machine Learning for Data Scientists](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1804.10068.pdf) - Explanation of quantum machine learning algorithms.
- [Quirk](http://algassert.com/quirk) - Browser-based drag-and-drop quantum circuit simulator that reacts, simulates, and animates in real-time.
- [The Quantum Quest](https://www.quantum-quest.nl/) - Introductory web class on quantum computing principles designed for high school students. 

## MOOCs

- [MIT Quantum Information Sciences](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/media-arts-and-sciences/mas-865j-quantum-information-science-spring-2006/lecture-notes/) - Series of lecture notes on the MIT quantum information sciences course.
- [QC101 Quantum Computing & Quantum Physics for Beginners](https://www.udemy.com/qc101-introduction-to-quantum-computing-quantum-physics-for-beginners/) - Introductory course on quantum cryptography and how to run quantum programs.
- [Quantum Cryptography](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-cryptography-caltechx-delftx-qucryptox-0) - Learn how quantum communication provides security that is guaranteed by the laws of nature.
- [Quantum Information Science I, Part I](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-information-science-i) - Foundational course on quantum information and computation.
- [The Quantum Internet and Quantum Computers: How Will They Change the World?](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-internet-quantum-computers-how-delftx-qtm1x) - Learn the principles and promises behind developments in quantum computers and quantum internet and how they will impact our future.
- [Quantum Machine Learning](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-machine-learning) - Learn about the benefits quantum technologies can provide to machine learning.
- [Quantum Mechanics and Quantum Computation](https://www.edx.org/course/quantum-mechanics-quantum-computation-uc-berkeleyx-cs-191x) - Conceptual introduction to the fundamental  principles of quantum mechanics.
- [Understanding Quantum Computers](https://www.futurelearn.com/courses/intro-to-quantum-computing) - Introduction to the key concepts of quantum computing with minimal mathematics.
- [Quantum Quest](https://www.quantum-quest.nl/) - A web class for high school students, organised by QuSoft.

## Development Tools

- [Cirq](https://github.com/quantumlib/Cirq) - Python library for writing, manipulating, and optimizing NISQ circuits to run on quantum computers.
- [IBM Quantum Composer](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/editor) - Online quantum composer to run experiments on real quantum computing hardware.
- [NISQAI](https://github.com/quantumai-lib/nisqai) - Library for performing quantum artificial intelligence on near-term quantum computers.
- [Project Q](http://projectq.ch/) - Framework for implementing quantum computing in Python.
- [pyQuil](https://github.com/rigetticomputing/pyquil) - Python library for quantum programming using Quil.
- [QCL](http://tph.tuwien.ac.at/~oemer/qcl.html) - Older, C like language for quantum computers. Only has a simulator and debugger.
- [Qiskit SDK](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-sdk-py) - Software development kit for working with OpenQASM and the IBM Q Experience.
- [Qiskit.js](https://github.com/QISKit/qiskit-js) - Qiskit for JavaScript.
- [Qrack](https://vm6502q.readthedocs.io) - High performance LGPL-licensed C++ quantum simulator library, documentation, and test code.
- [Quantum Programming Studio](https://quantum-circuit.com/) - Web based quantum programming IDE and simulator.
- [Quipper](https://www.mathstat.dal.ca/~selinger/quipper/) - Embedded, scalable, functional programming language for quantum computing.
- [Qurry](https://github.com/LSaldyt/Qurry) - Quantum probabilistic programming language based on functional and probabilistic paradigms.
- [QuTiP](http://qutip.org/docs/latest/index.html) - Quantum toolbox in Python for simulating dynamics of open quantum systems.
- [Q#](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/quantum/?view=qsharp-preview) - Microsoft quantum development kit and Q# programming language.

## Blogs

- [Algorithmic Assertions](http://algassert.com/) - About quantum computing and computing in general by Craig Gidney - a member of Google Quantum Computing Team.
- [Bits of Quantum](http://blog.qutech.nl/) - By the QuTech institution, sharing their research and daily life.
- [Dawid Kopczyk](dkopczyk.quantee.co.uk/category/quantum_computing/) - Quantum algorithms explained to data scientists with visualisations.
- [Decodoku](https://medium.com/@decodoku) - Interesting posts on quantum computation, by James Wootton.
- [Quantum Frontiers](https://quantumfrontiers.com/) - By the Quantum Institute for Quantum Information and Matter, sharing behind the scenes research insights.
- [Quantum Weekly](https://quantumweekly.com/) - A weekly correlation of all things quantum - computing, cryptography, entanglement.

## Books

- [Classical and Quantum Computation](https://books.google.com.au/books/about/Classical_and_Quantum_Computation.html?id=TrMposZZ0MQC&redir_esc=y) - Introduction to fundamentals of classical and quantum computing.
- [Problems and Solutions in Quantum Computing](https://www.worldscientific.com/worldscibooks/10.1142/6077#) - Easy to advanced quantum computing and information problems with detailed solutions.
- [Quantum Computation and Quantum Information](http://csis.pace.edu/ctappert/cs837-18spring/QC-textbook.pdf) - Comprehensive textbook for those with some prior knowledge in mathematics, computer science and physics.
- [Quantum Computing: A Gentle Introduction](http://mmrc.amss.cas.cn/tlb/201702/W020170224608150244118.pdf) - Explains quantum computing with only basic college maths knowledge needed.
- [Quantum Computing Explained](https://www.amazon.com/Quantum-Computing-Explained-David-McMahon/dp/0470096993) - Conversational approach to explaining quantum computing with worked solutions.
- [Quantum Computing for Computer Scientists](https://www.amazon.com/Quantum-Computing-Computer-Scientists-Yanofsky/dp/0521879965) - Quantum computing explained using an approach accessible to undergraduate computer science students.
- [Quantum Computing for Java Developers](https://www.manning.com/books/quantum-computing-for-java-developers) - Explains quantum computing through the lens of its practical implementation.
- [Learn Quantum Computing with Python and Q#](https://www.manning.com/books/learn-quantum-computing-with-python-and-q-sharp) - Geared towards programming professionals and early undergrads to learn the basics of quantum computers by writing their own programs in Python and Q#, Microsoft's language for quantum computers.

## Papers

- [Opportunities and Challenges for Quantum Machine Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.09757) - Opportunities and challenges for quantum-assisted machine learning in near-term quantum computers.
- [Quantum Machine Learning](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/264825604_Quantum_Machine_Learning_What_Quantum_Computing_Means_to_Data_Mining) - Quantum machine learning and what quantum computing means to data mining.

## Videos

- [Introduction to Quantum Programming](https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/11929-programming-the-world-s-first-quantum-computers-using-forest) - The why and how of quantum programming with a focus on the Python Forest SDK from Rigetti.
- [Quantum Computing for Computer Scientists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_Riqjdh2oM) - Microsoft Research Talk on introductory quantum computing for computer scientists. Duration: 1 hour, 28 minutes.
- [Quantum Computing for the Determined](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1826E60FD05B44E4) - A series of lectures on quantum computing basics by [Michael Nielsen](http://michaelnielsen.org/).
- [Quantum Computation and Information at CMU](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLm3J0oaFux3YL5qLskC6xQ24JpMwOAeJz) - A series of lectures on quantum computing by [Professor O'Donnell at CMU](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~odonnell/quantum18/)

## Community

- [D-Wave Leap Community](https://support.dwavesys.com/hc/en-us/community/topics) - D-Wave System's Leap Community Forum. 
- [IBM Q Community](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/community) - IBM Quantum experience Community Forum.
- [IBM Q Qiskit Community](https://qiskit.slack.com/) - Slack Channel for Qiskit and quantum computing discussions.
- [Mike & Ike Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MikeAndIke/) - Discussion about the book Quantum Computation and Quantum Information. 
- [Pennylane Discussion Forum](https://discuss.pennylane.ai/) - Discussion forum for quantum machine learning, both using simulations and on near term hardware.
- [Quantum Computing StackExchange](http://quantumcomputing.stackexchange.com/) - Question and answer site for quantum computing.
- [Quantum Information and Quantum Computer Scientists of the World Unite](https://www.facebook.com/groups/qinfo.scientists.unite/) - Facebook group for quantum research discussion. 
- [Rigetti Community](http://slack.rigetti.com/) - Slack Channel for Rigetti and quantum computing discussions.
- [Strawberry Fields Community](https://u.strawberryfields.ai/slack) - Slack channel for Xanadu and Strawberry Fields photonic/CV quantum computing discussions.
- [Quantum Computing Slack Community](https://quantum-computing.herokuapp.com/) - Slack channels for discussion of quantum computing.
- [Q# Community](https://qsharp.community) - Community contributed libraries, projects, and demos for the Q# language.

## License
[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Desiree Vogt-Lee](https://github.com/desireevl) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
